In the last lecture we learn how to conditionally redirect.
And that is a nice way of redirecting now to be honest the way we redirect in the new post component
is maybe not the way you're always going to do that in the end after submitting a post successfully.
You just want to switch to page and for Dad you can of course also use that history Propp which you
get on every component which is loaded inside a browser or router wrapped component and your post is
in the end loaded for block.
So therefore it is wrap by browser router in there we have access to that match location and history
prob I showed you earlier.
And that history prob has a couple of convenience methods we can use for replacing the current route
or pushing a new route.
So we can also change the page here without changing the state and therefore by never rendering that
redirect component but instead by accessing disk prop's history and there the push method which allows
us to portion you page.
So here we could all go to slash posts and this will essentially lead to the same behavior as before
we can go to new posts.
We can enter a new post and once it is done we push a new page and we are redirected technically.
Porsche pushes this page onto the stack.
So if you click the backpack open we go back to the new post page where as redirect replaces current
page.
So if we then click the back button and you can of course try this out after you comment this.
And again if you click the back button often redirecting and not by pushing.
You can go back but you won't go back to the last page because redirect replaces the current page on
the stack it doesn't push a new one though you can also replicate this behavior by not using Porsche
but replace your on the history object if you use data.
You go to new post if you now enter something here.
We also leave the page but now press the back button.
We're still on post because we were there before we visit new post because new post was replaced on
a stack of pages.
So replace basically does the same as redirecting and therefore you can use it as an alternative.
I wanted to show you both methods though because maybe you have a use case where you want to render
that redirect component conditionally.
And then this is an easy way of doing it.
If you don't want to use the approach of rendering the component replace or Porsche or there's a way
of changing the page after some operation finished.